Welcome to this course is really great to have you on board in this course.
We'll dive into next to J.S. which is a framework that builds up on beauty as it makes the development
of future as applications even more fun and even easier by adding a lot of cool features that save us
time and make things while easier.
And it especially makes one thing easier.
The service side rendering of view takes applications.
You'll learn how next year's works for this course.
We'll dive into it and will not just dive into it.
In theory we will build an entire course project a blog with both a front end and an administration
back.
So we'll also talk about things like off indication of this course at the end of this course you will
not just know how Knox works and how you can use it to build amazing the web applications.
You will also learn which different types of view applications you can build because you're not limited
to serve a side rendered ones as you will see this coerse hopefully adds an important building block
to your future development career and I hope that you will enjoy it as much as I did creating it now.
Enough talking about the course.
Who am I.
My name is Maximillian Schwartz moolah.
I'm a freelance web developer and they work a lot with you.
J.S. I'm not lying when telling you that.
When I discovered next day as I couldn't believe how much more fun.
View as application development can be because it already was a lot of fun but we have next years it
really is on a new level and my team's Web page a catamite dot com is even built with Naks so I'm sure
I can pass some useful knowledge to you.
And with that let's dive right in I'd say.